Fix a few AddressElement bugs (#2656)
stripe/stripe-ios: CHANGELOG.md

## x.x.x x-x-x
### AddressElement

> * [Fixed] A bug that was causing `addressViewControllerDidFinish` to return a non-nil `AddressDetails` when the user closes the AddressElement when default values are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] A bug that was causing `addressViewControllerDidFinish` to return a non-nil `AddressDetails` when the user cancels out of the AddressElement when default values are provided.
```
